Project 2 Compiler ---- Due 10/8/15  at 11:59 PM (nearly midnight)

Your project is to use the grammar definition in the appendix
of your text to guide the construction of a recursive descent parser.
The parser should follow the grammar as described in A.2 page 492.

You should enhance the grammar to include FLOAT as
appropriate throughout all the grammar rules.

Upon execution, your project should report

ACCEPT

or

REJECT

exactly. Failure to print ACCEPT or REJECT appropriately will
result penalty for the test file.

Appropriate documentation as described in the Syllabus should
be included. A shar file, including all files necessary,
(makefile, source files, test files, documentation file
(p2.txt in ascii format), and any other files) should be submitted
by the deadline using turnin as follows:

   turnin fn ree4620_2

By my typing    make    after unsharing your file I should see an
executable called p2 that will perform the syntax analysis. The
analyzer will be invoked with:

   p2 test_fn

where p2 is the executable resulting from the make command
or is a script that executes your project and
test_fn is the test filename upon which parsing is to be
done. You must supply a makefile for both any language. If your
project is written in a pure interpreter (python, ruby, perl, etc.),
provide a makefile and indicate such. IE print "No makefile
necessary" from your makefile.

Note that turnin will report the 2 day late date, if the project
is submitted on this date a penalty will be assessed.

The shar file can be created as follows:

shar fn1 fn2 fn3 fn4 > fn

You should not shar a directory, ie when I unshar your project
a new subdirectory should not be created.

You should test the integrity of your shar by copying it to a
temporary directory, unsharing, make, and execute to see that
all files are present and that the project works
appropriately.

Note: you may have an additional project assigned before this one is
due.

You must enhance your symbol table in preparation for the semantic
analysis project (Project 3). You do not need to print the table.

You do not need to do error recovery, upon detection of the error,
simply report such and stop the program.
